dense fog over the Bahrain International
Circuit left the race organizers no
choice they have to cancel the
qualifying for race 2 of the Porsche gt3
Cup Challenge Middle East the starting
grid will be the same as for the
previous race it's a proud day for
Porsche Middle East and the leshner
racing as today marks the 50th race in
the championships history Austrian
Clemen Schmitt of Al nobuta racing is on
pole position on the 20 car grid with
Zayid ishkanani from Kuwait on second
and Saudi Falcons abdul aziz al Faisal
on third
after the start Clemence MIT holds on to
the lead as I eat at Kanani defends his
second position against abdul aziz al
Faisal
my first six naps car felt really good
on the pace
I can see Clemens is 8 in front of me
and just sticking with them and then
just the grip level in the car drops
dramatically
further behind in the field the epic
duel between Christina Nielsen from
Denmark and Faisal bin Laden of the
Saudi Falcons continues sometimes you're
lucky racing takes a bit of luck and
today was minding when we started came
did the very good start came to corner
one and the car wouldn't turn as I
wanted it to so you know people caught
up and it was just the fight from there
hasha Al Maktoum closes the gap to Abdul
Aziz Al Faisal and stays patiently on
his tail until he finds the perfect spot
to overtake the Saudi
after Azizi was pulling away certain
point it reached to the last five four
laps that I started to catch up and to
I've managed to pass them life around
three four laughing who Bert helped from
Germany also manages to stay out of
trouble and keeps close behind the
leading group as Abdul Aziz tires lose
more and more grip the German takes the
opportunity and clinches position for
I was trying to cushion and in a mistake
and he was breaking late and later so he
ruined his tires and I was not so hot or
too possum from one point a spin in the
last round causes abdul aziz al Faisal
to lose another two positions ending up
on eighth place Clemence MIT showing the
class of a reigning champion wins the
second round of the Porsche gt3 Cup
Challenge Middle East
Kuwaiti Wizkid Saeed Ashkenazi claims
second place again and hasha Al Maktoum
celebrates his first ever podium finish
in this series